1). Issues with Instagram Embedded links.
While working on a website for a Nail Technician, I was asked to grab photos from the clients instagram page. For the time being they did not want an integration, but just to have some of their preferred posts displayed on the website. I decided to use the embedded links that instagram provides. The initial hope was to have these embedded links stored in a database and displayed when a specific dropdown menu option was selected (ei. Main portfolio options would display when the user selected main portofolio, winter themed posts would display when the user selected winter nail art). After seeding the different data tables I designed, I began creating the necessary axios requests and sequelize requests to access the database. I soon realized that when pulling these long embedded links from the database, they would not display properly. The embedded links contained many lines of html code with inline css styles which made it difficult to extract all the data to the css file and keep the necessary html tags in the database. I then tried breaking up the massive embedded file and planned on interjecting the specific url for each post within the sections of the embedded link in order to maintain the database of posts and still be able to display them. This presented another issue, that the html tags were being read differently and the posts were not properly displaying. With a deadline for the page, I decided to make adjustments and have all the complete embedded links on the html file. I then hid all the instagram posts and the sections using the display:hidden style. Through javascript add event listeners, I wrote out code that would change the display style to visible while also hiding all other sections (this was to ensure that only the section selected by the user would appear). This resulted in the user being able to display specific portfolio options through the dropdown menu and then toggling that menu to see another portfolio section.

2). Building the sundials website
This was a simple project to help me learn how to deploy a website. This would be my first website I built from scratch. The website was a simple landing page that contained a gif from the Disney cartoon Hercules that asked if the user wanted to buy a sundial. I then added a few dropdown options to select between different fictional sundial styles and a menu to select their method of payment. This project was a great learning process for me as I worked through positioning, organizing, and adjusting the css to allow the web page to fit different screen sizes. I also learned that the web page may look perfect through the VScodes go-live option, but would appear distorted once the website was accessed through localhost http or once it was fully deployed. Because of this, I was able to make adjustments and preparations to the webpage so that it would adjust better to different screen sizes and browsers.
